Here are some issues discussed during the AMO review of this addon.


# Use of innerHTML() to set the DOM content

ScrapBook X uses innerHTML to flush nearly static HTML contents to reduce
the complexity of the codes and to gain a better performance. According
to various performance test, it's generally faster to flush static HTML
contents via innerHTML than via DOM manipulation.

Every passed value of innerHTML has been confirmed by the AMO reviewers
that it's well sanitized and no script or user submitted contents are
included.


# Use of createElement() with a variable as the first argument

ScrapBook X uses createElement with a variable only in the 
chrome/content/scrapbook/highlighter.js. It is to modularize the code 
structure and to reduce the complexity.

It has been confirmed by the AMO reviewers that every passed value is
limited to a subset of "span" and "a".


# Use of setTimeout with a variable as the first argument

ScrapBook X uses a variable rather than a function(){} in cases that the 
function is shared and is used in multiple places.

It has been confirmed by the AMO reviewers that every passed variable is 
actually pointed to a particular function instead of a string, and never
gets reset.


# Use of nsILocalFile.launch

ScrapBook X uses launch() only in chrome/content/scrapbook/scrapbook.js.
It is used to open a specific directory in the native file explorer so
that the user can easily view or edit their source files of the selected
ScrapBook item. It is also used to open the pointed file of the selected
ScrapBook "file" typed item and is under the user's full consent.


# Use of nsIProcess

This is used by the execProgram method in the modules/common.jsm.
The execProgram is inherited from ScrapBook by Gomita and its function is
to run an external process of an external program. It is currently not
used in the main program of ScrapBook X and is left for downward
compatibility since it's essential for some ScrapBook related addons to
work, such as BackupHelper.
